fix: ability to publish iOS applications for users with two-factor authentication enabled (#4903)
NativeScript/nativescript-cli: docs/man_pages/publishing/publish-ios.md

* `--ipa` - If set, will use provided .ipa file instead of building the project.
* `--team-id` - Specified the team id for which Xcode will try to find distribution certificate and provisioning profile when exporting for AppStore submission.

> * `--appleApplicationSpecificPassword` - Specified the password for your Apple ID that let you sign in to your account and securely access the information you stores from iTunes Transporter application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `--appleApplicationSpecificPassword` - Specifies the password for accessing the information you store in iTunes Transporter application.
```

> * `--appleSessionBase64` - The session that will be reused instead of triggering a new login each time NativeScript CLI communicates with Apple's APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `--appleSessionBase64` - The session that will be used instead of triggering a new login each time NativeScript CLI communicates with Apple's APIs.
```
